[clamoring voices]
[overlapping shouts]
-[man] Witches!
-[man #2] Witchcraft!
[sharp cry]
[door bolt clanking]
[creaky door opens]
Who's that?
Are the Speakers dead?
[bestial voice]
No.
Well, get back out there.
The Speakers have to die
before the sun goes down.
The sun...
is already down.
[low growl]
[growling]
You cannot enter the house of God.
[snarl]
God is not here.
This is an empty box.
[low snarls]
God is in all His churches.
Your God's love is not unconditional.
He does not love us.
And He does not love you.
I have done His bidding.
My life's work is in His name.
Your life's work makes Him puke.
I am the Bishop of Gresit!
Your God knows that
we wouldn't be here without you.
This is all your fault, isn't it?
She was a witch!
Lies? In your house of God?
No wonder He has abandoned you.
But we love you.
[Bishop]
What?!
[creature]
We love you.
We couldn't be here without you.
[terrified gasps]
[rumbling snarl]
Let me...
kiss you.
[chomping and slurping]
[Bishop groans]
[slurping continues]
[flesh tearing]
[wings flapping]
[running footsteps]
[panting]
[clamoring voices]
He went that way!
[panting]
[clamor continues]
[man]
Get him!
[clamor continues]
[exhales]
[man]
We'll get him right now!
[indistinct angry cries]
[villagers gasp]
-[panicked cries]
-[man] A sorcerer!
Witch!
No! I am a Speaker
and a scholar of magic.
I serve no demon and I do no evil.
[frightened cries]
[spirited grunt]
[cries]
[Trevor] You never told me
you were a magician.
[Sypha]
You never asked.
Though I guess
I now understand why it was you
who went down into the catacombs
to look for your sleeping god.
What are you doing here?
I didn't ask you to fight for me.
I fight for myself.
Fine.
You.
Kill them! Quickly!
No.
Just you and me.
Come on.
You're very big at telling
other people what to do.
Getting the good people of Gresit
to commit murder for you.
Let's see how you do on your own.
You and me.
I can see you're carrying a blade.
I wonder if the people of
the great city of Gresit
have ever seen a priest
draw a knife before.
-[man] Oh, what insolence!
-[man #2] The priest has a knife.
Your long knife, my short sword.
Let's go.
Come on.
You had no problem
beating an old man this morning.
Huh?
You had no problem lying
to these people about the Speakers.
The Speakers brought this upon us!
No, they didn't, and you know it.
The Speakers stayed here to offer aid.
It was your bishop who brought
all this down on us.
Your bishop who started it all
by killing a defenseless woman.
You would have made murderers
out of these people,
but the only one here
who isn't innocent...
is you.
[running footsteps and panting]
[priest groans]
[cries out]
[groans]
[groans and clamoring voices]
[villagers screaming]
It's them. They're coming.
[low, rumbling growl]
[villagers screaming]
Back to the far side of the square!
Pikes! Up front, now!
What?
Why?
Because I'm the only man here
who knows how to fight these things.
Everyone with a pike or long weapon,
get out in front with me.
Six in front, six behind,
and in between, pikes forward.
Hold steady.
I need a priest,
one who was properly ordained
in a church.
Grab some people.
Go to the nearest well,
start drawing water.
You know what to do with water, yes?
For the aspersion?
Go.
-Sypha?
-Yes.
I want them walled in
when they hit the square.
I want it so they can
only come towards us.
Is that something you can do?
Will ice do?
Better than fire, anyway.
Let's hope so.
I want salt over here!
As much as you can find!
Everyone with a sword
wipes their blades in the salt.
Now!
[bestial growls]
Sypha, walls.
[flesh sizzles, creature shrieks]
[low groans]
Well. That priest really could make
holy water after all.
Pikemen!
Four steps forward!
Sypha, close the door behind them.
[rumbling snarl]
[Trevor]
Rear pikes up!
[shriek]
Cut him down!
[shrieks and groans]
Salt kills demons!
Don't forget-- spread the word.
[low shrieks]
[men cry out]
[Trevor]
Shit.
[dying shriek]
The whip's consecrated...
for fighting vampires and demons.
Swords!
[sizzling]
[creatures groan]
[grunt]
[Sypha grunts]
[whip cracks, creature groans]
[spirited grunt]
[creature groans]
[creature]
There's an army of us!
An army...
from hell!
[bricks rumble and crash]
[gasping]
[both screaming]
[Sypha grunts]
[planks clatter]
[distant machinery clanking]
[Sypha groans softly]
[Sypha]
The... catacombs again.
I think we're deeper than I went before.
[gasps]
[grunting]
[Sypha cries out]
Aah!
[Sypha grunting]
[both grunting]
[Sypha panting]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[Trevor grunts]
[machinery clanking]
[groans]
[grunts]
[impact grunt]
[gasps]
Ohh.
Oh, for God's sake.
[grunting]
[Sypha groans]
[gasps]
Ohh!
[both screaming]
[thud]
[both groan]
[machinery clanks and whirrs]
I didn't do that.
[gas hisses]
Why are you here?
The story--
the Messiah sleeps under Gresit!
The man who will save us from Dracula.
And you?
Are you in search of a mythical savior?
I fell down a hole.
Dracula is abroad in the land.
He has an army of monsters.
He's determined to wipe out
all human life wherever he finds it.
Is that what you believe?
[Trevor] That Dracula's released
his horde in Wallachia?
That's fact.
There's no "belief" involved.
But that's not what you're asking.
[man]
No.
You're asking if I believe you're
some sleeping messiah who'll save us,
and no, I don't.
[Sypha] Belmont!
[Trevor]
I know what you are.
And what am I?
You're a vampire.
[gasps]
So, I have to ask myself,
have we come down here
to wake up the man who'll kill Dracula,
or did we come here to wake Dracula?
You call me Dracula.
[Trevor] I'll call you anything you like
if you're gonna show me your teeth.
[man]
She called you Belmont.
House of Belmont?
Trevor Belmont.
Last son of the house of Belmont.
The Belmonts fought creatures
of the night, did they not?
For generations.
Say what you mean.
The Belmonts killed vampires.
Until the good people decided
they didn't want us around.
And now Dracula is carrying out
an execution order on the human race.
Do you care, Belmont?
Honestly, I didn't, no.
But now...
yes, it's time to stop it.
Do you think you can?
What I think...
is I'm going to have to kill you.
Belmont, no!
He's the one we've been waiting for.
No, he's not.
He's a vampire.
And he's not been waiting here
for hundreds of years, have you?
I don't like your tone, Belmont.
This place is old,
but it's not been abandoned.
It's alive and working.
So, go on, vampire,
tell her exactly how long
you've been waiting down here.
What is the year of your Lord?
[Sypha]
1476.
[man]
Perhaps a year, then.
There.
And on top of that,
what kind of messiah creates
mechanical death traps
to buy himself an uninterrupted nap
in a stone coffin?
My defenses were not for you.
You could have told your defenses that.
They are machines, nothing more.
They were not intended
to protect me from you.
I asked you a question--
do you care?
I care about doing my family's work.
I care about saving human lives.
Am I going to have to kill you?
Do you think you can?
If you're really a Belmont and not some
runt running around with a family crest,
you might be able to.
Let's find out.
Belmont, you can't do this!
Tell it to your floating
vampire Jesus here.
You've got nothing but insults,
have you?
A tired little--
[whip cracks]
[grunts]
[low growl]
[panting]
[vampiric hiss]
[grunts]
Stone the fuck up.
[whip whooshes]
[blade rings]
You can't do this, Belmont!
[Trevor]
He's not your messiah.
Dracula's castle
can appear anywhere, Sypha.
And I told you,
this is what he looks like
on the inside.
[man] And you know
what Dracula looks like?
[Trevor, panting]
Nobody knows what Dracula looks like.
You've got fangs,
and you sleep in a coffin.
[Trevor groans]
[whip cracks]
[hisses]
[man groans]
[impact grunt]
[grunts]
[audibly struggling]
[Trevor groans]
[combat grunts]
Aah!
[grunts]
[audibly straining]
Please. This isn't a bar fight.
Have some class.
[Trevor grunts]
[Trevor groans]
Aah!
[groans]
[combat grunts]
[exertion grunt]
[grunt]
[Trevor groans]
[vampiric hiss]
Do you have a god
to put a last prayer to, Belmont?
[grunts]
Yeah.
Dear God, please don't let
the vampire's guts
ruin my good tunic.
[man]
What?
[pained grunts]
I can still rip your throat out.
You can, but it won't
stop me staking you.
But you will still die.
But I don't care.
Killing you was the point.
Living through it was just a luxury.
[chuckles]
[whoosh]
[soft rush of flame]
I will incinerate you before your fangs
touch that man's throat.
I thought I was your legendary savior.
So did I.
But he saved my life.
You're a Speaker-Magician.
Yes, and his goal is mine--
to stand up for the people.
Good.
Very good.
A vampire hunter and a magician.
You'll do.
I am Adrian Tepes.
Known to the Wallachians
as Alucard...
son of Vlad Dracula Tepes.
I've been asleep here in my private keep
under Gresit for a year,
to heal the wounds dealt by my father
when I attempted to stop him
unleashing his demon armies.
You are the sleeping soldier.
I'm aware of the stories.
I'm also aware that the Speakers
consider the story to be
information from the future.
Do you know the whole story?
Yes.
The sleeping soldier
will be met by a hunter
and a scholar.
No one told me that.
[Sypha] Why do you think my grandfather
tried everything to make you stay?
I hate Speakers.
[grunts]
So, what happens now?
I need a hunter and a scholar.
I need help to save Wallachia...
-[blade sings]
-...perhaps the world...
and defeat my father.
Why?
Because it is what my mother
would have wanted.
And we are all, in the end...
slaves to our families' wishes.
You'll help us kill Dracula
and save Wallachia?
My father has to die.
We three...
we can destroy him.
[voice]
Frederator!